[#3208] Initial setup for helm chart per component (#3303)
airyhq/airy: docs/docs/concepts/architecture.md

- Expose conversational events via a [webhook](/api/webhook) integration.
- Manage authentication and authorization features.

The `frontend` system contains Inbox and Control Center web applications and the JavaScript integration
of the [Chat Plugin](sources/chatplugin/overview.md).

All of these functionalities are packaged in entities called `Airy Components`. Components are part of a `repository`. By default, the `airy-core` repository is added to an `Airy Core` installation. The conversational platform can further be extended with additional repositories and third party components.

The `airy-core` repository is comprised of the following `Airy Components`:

### Sources

> - sources-`SOURCE_NAME` - Components which send and receive events to external platforms or systems. Usually are consisted of a `connector` and an `event-router`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- sources-`SOURCE_NAME` - Components which send and receive events to external platforms or systems. Usually consist of a `connector` and an `event-router` pod.
```

### API

- api-admin - Backend services for administration of messaging sources and destinations
- api-communication - Backend services which expose conversations and messages

> - api-websocket - Backend services which expose conversations and messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- api-websocket - Backend services which streams messages and more via websocket [[docs](/api/websocket.md)]
```
